
PROFESSIONAL EXPIRIENCE

03.2019- 11.2021 (2.8 year)
Salesman / Restaurant „OLIMP” KAMA S.C., Kamila Stempińska, Michał Stempiński, Małgorzata

Pietruczuk/ Warsaw

Main responsibilities:

- Direct service and consulting of individual and non-individual clients;

- Active customer service in accordance with the company's standards;

- Documentation management at the workplace;

- Maintenance of the cash register, terminal and daily control of the cash register;

- Being responsible for processing cash and card payments by using cash-register;

A - Work with the sales computer program;
About me:
- Recruiting: search for new employees for the company, training of new employees

I am looking for a new career opportunity o.
where | can apply my skills and a vast and development of their skills;
experience. | can describe myself as an - Making orders for the necessary products for the establishment;

ambitious and multiskilled person, sociability
and stress resistance are my strengths. Thanks

to my dedication and responsible approach 09.2018 - 03.2019 (8 mounth)
mor am ab to earn qukky ane Quality control instructor / PIEROGOWE BAJE PIEROGARNIE SP. Z O. O. / Warsaw

successfully apply the acquired knowledge.

Main responsibilities:
- Daily quality control of the dish, compliance with the required proportions and quantities according;

- Control and verification of dates and expiration dates of products.

Telephone: KBEBZBZSZ 03.2017-06.2018 (1.3 year)

Mobile Operator-trainer call-center/ Euroasia Telecommunications Holdings B.V.
"Lifecell"/ Ukraine

Main responsibilities:

- Telephone service for individual and corporate mobile subscribers according to the rules and templates of
City: Warsaw Lifecell incoming and outgoing lines;

- Providing information about services and tariff plans related to mobile communications of this company;

Data of birth: BEZBZSZA - Solving daily and cursory tasks, as well as eliminating technical problems related to the mobile network,
SIM cards and cash deposits.

- Implementation of the monthly sales plan and the set goals of the team.
Professional skills:
Soft: Hard:

- Full access, statistics and control of payments and costs of subscribers;
- Assistance and optimization of monthly expenses of subscribers for mobile communication;

ounicction Microsoft - Conducting training for new groups of employees;
Responsibility Office Suite
Reliability (Word, Excel,

Rower Poli - Conducting daily reporting on the progress of trainees, as well as feedback and work on

OE mistakes of new employees.

High organization
of work

Team work

Client work
Empathy
Customer service

Interests:

I paint pictures and portraits.

I am also fond of psychology; I like to read sci-fi books and watch movies. A lover of outdoor activities and
entertainment.

| agree to the processing of personal data provided in this document for realising the recruitment process pursuant to the Personal Data Protection Act of 10 May
2018 (Journal of Laws 2018, item 1000) and in agreement with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the
protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General
Data Protection Regulation).

